Add campaign requirements (#16676)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/campaigns/index.md

<div class="cta-group">
<a class="btn btn-primary" href="quickstart">★ Quickstart</a>
<a class="btn" href="explanations/introduction_to_campaigns">Introduction to campaigns</a>

> <a class="btn btn-primary" href="references/requirements.md">

Reviewer: I don't think we should have two primary buttons next to each other:

```suggestion
<a class="btn" href="references/requirements.md">
```

  </a>
</div>

## Requirements

> - Sourcegraph installation requirements:
>   - Code host version:
>     - Github.com
>     - Github Enterprise: version: 2.20 and later
>     - GitLab: 12.7 and later
>      - 13.2 and later includes burndown chart support
>     - Bitbucket server: 5.7+
>     - Notes: 
>         - Webhook support should be enabled to increase performance at scale
>   - Sourcegraph server version:
>     - 3.22 is the minimum recommended version
> - Developing and running campaign specs
>   - Latest version of [src-cli](https://github.com/sourcegraph/src-cli/releases)
>       - Src cli is supported on Linux or MacOS 
>         - Windows support is experimental
>   - Docker
>   - Git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sourcegraph 3.22 and later
- Supported code hosts:
  - Github.com
  - Github Enterprise 2.20 and later
  - GitLab 12.7 and later (support for campaigns burndown chart only with 13.2)
  - Bitbucket Server 5.7 and later
- Latest version of [src-cli](https://github.com/sourcegraph/src-cli/releases)
- Docker
- Git
```

Author: This changed quite a bit when it moved to the new page, but I still think the separation of type of requirements is an important concept that should be made here. 

Developers have control over requirements where it runs, but generally, only admins control the code hosts and the server version.

Reviewer: Sure, agree. But the formatting was all over the place and I don't think any user would've read "Developing and running campaign specs" as applicable to them.

> 

Reviewer: Can't we put that on a separate page? It feels a bit out of place here. Especially since we already have _some_ requirements on the "Introduction to campaigns" page.

I would also make everything here consistent (the formatting is off, it's "src-cli" and "Src cli").

But teven then I'm not sure if this helps? Do customers know what "developing and running campaign specs" means?

Reviewer 2: I'd second the separate page idea: that would make it easier to have the top level list entries be subheadings of their own, which would probably make this easier to read, and it would give us more room to explain side quests like webhooks, and how they aren't technically required but strongly recommended.

Author: Done!

Author: > Do customers know what "developing and running campaign specs" means?

@mrnugget have a look at the new header and see if that helps.

- [Search and replace specific terms](tutorials/search_and_replace_specific_terms.md)

## References

> - [Requirements](references/requirements.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [Requirements](references/requirements.md)
```
